M&G Coding Test - Submitted by H. Jackson-Robbins 7/10/18
---------------------------------------------------------

Thanks for the opportunity to take this test. 


Discrepancies
-------------

There are some discrepancies between the expected validation results and what is stated in the readme.md document:

1. 'Invalid user defined SEDOL' scenario - I changed the expected message from 'Checksum digit does not agree with the rest of the input' to the actual message seen 'Checksum digit does not agree with the first 6 characters.' 

In the real world I would have confirmed with the business that this deviation from the spec was ok but it seems reasonable to assume the correctness of the new message in this case.

2. In other scenarios, the expected message "Input string was not 7-characters long" is actually presented as "Input string was not 7-characters long." (note the full stop). I have amended the expected result accordingly.

3. Regarding the SEDOL null/empty string input in scenario 'Null, empty string or string other than 7 characters long' - as the empty string and null are effectively the same thing in terms of input, I have removed the empty string input from the examples in that scenario.
 

General Enhancements
--------------------

For a more complex project the ideal approach would be to test below the UI such as at API level wherever possible, with minimal 'sanity' UI layer checks.

Again, for a more complex piece, parallelisation could be considered using Specflow+

Selenium is used in this solution, however there is a lot of buzz about Cypress.io at the moment, and this tool could be considered for future work.


Code Enhancements
--------------------

In terms of code approach, I would probably change CommonUtilities to static as it's not necessary to have multiple instances of this class.

A couple of Selenium methods are showing as deprecated. This would need to be attended to for future proofing purposes.


And finally 
-----------
 
Note that on my machine at least, there is an occasional issue where you run the test and it immediately goes to failed state but no text is shown giving a reason. A recompile fixes this issue. 